# An-ICT-based-EPI-Expanded-Program-on-Immunization-Micro-plan-Scheduler-Child-Information-Maintenance
The purpose of this project is to develop an advanced vaccination program scheduler which would support child registration system. It is an automation process for the nationwide child vaccination program through a web-based MIS software. The core objectives is ensuring proper monitoring, accountability, and transparency in the vaccination framework in order to increase the rate of vaccinated children in Bangladesh. The automation process, aimed towards continuous holiday updates for vaccination schedule, rendered the expanded programme on immunization (EPI) micro-plan easier than the previous manual one. The application is capable of effectively producing vaccination statistics from all the Unions, Upazilas, Districts, and Divisions in Bangladesh. For the front-end part HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, jQuery, and XML are used. For the back-end PHP, MySQL, and Java are used. To put all these into effect a range of integrated development environments and editors like PhpStorm, Sublime Text, XAMPP, ngrok, and Android Studio are used. Finally a database is developed using MySQL in order to store all the necessary information like EPI centres’ details, upcoming holiday events, possible vaccination slots, etc. Keeping the importance of public-private partnership in mind, this project ensure the full coverage of nationwide vaccination programmes through proper monitoring - from the root level to the top administration.


DEMO OF THE PROJECT: Outcome of the project are demonstrated in these following links:

    1) https://github.com/Maliha-Tasnim/An-ICT-based-EPI-Expanded-Program-on-Immunization-Micro-plan-Scheduler-Child-Information-Mainten/blob/master/Project%20Demo.gif
    
    2)https://github.com/Maliha-Tasnim/An-ICT-based-EPI-Expanded-Program-on-Immunization-Micro-plan-Scheduler-Child-Information-Mainten/blob/master/Project_Demo.mp4
